#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

Storyboards


= Details =

The Story of Selecting a New Game 
Requirement: 1
This is the story that describes the process of selecting a "New Game" from the "Jetris" menu. 
-S1: The user will click the "Jetris" drop down menu.
-S2: from the drop down menu the user will click the "New Game" option. 
-S3: once this button is clicked a gui will pop up over the Jetris window. 
-S4: If the user clicks outside of the "New Game" window then the system will beep indicating that the 
player must start a new game or close the window. 

The Story of Choosing the Number of Players 
Requirement: 2 
This is the story that describes the process of opening a one or two player game of Jetris. 
•S1: The user will open Jetris 
•S2: A dialog box will appear, allowing the user indicate whether they are playing a single or multiplayer 
game. 
•S3.1: If the user selects single player, a game of Jetris will begin in the paused state. 
•S3.2: If the user selects multiplayer game, a dialog box will appear, allowing the user to select the mode 
of play. 

The Story of Selecting Types of Multiplayer Play 
Requirement: 3
This is the story that describes the process of selecting a type of multiplayer game. 
-S1: In the new game GUI the three choices FTL, FTS, and FXL will be displayed next to radio buttons. 
-S2: The radio buttons will be grayed out (unclickable) unless the user selects the "Multiplayer" radio 
button. By default, the "FTL" button will be selected. 
-S3: There will be text boxes next to the FTS and FXL lines with some default values (5000 points and 30 
lines). 
-S4: If a user enters a non integer value then an appropriate error message will be displayed when 
starting the game, and the user will be taken back to the new game GUI. 

The Story of Key Configuration 
Requirement: 4 
This is the story that describes the process of key configuration for player 1 and player 2. 
•S1: The user will open Jetris. 
•S2: From the "Jetris" menu the user will click the "Key Configuration" option. 
•S3: A dialog box will appear, allowing the user to choose the keys for "left" "right" "down" and "change" 
for both players. 
•S4.1: User clicks “Cancel” and the key configurations do not change. 
•S4.2: For player 1, "A" left, "S" down, "D" right, and "W" change. 
•S4.3: For player 2, "<" left, "\/" down, ">" right, and "/\" change. 

The Story of Pausing the Game 
Requirement: 5 
This is the story that describes the process of pausing the Jetris game. 
•S1: The user will open Jetris 
•S2: The user will click the "Pause" button. 
•S3.1: A large "PAUSED" will be displayed over the current display. 
•S3.2: The "Pause" button will change to "Unpause". 
•S3.3: The time value will remain displayed. 
•S4: The user will return to the game by clicking on the "Unpause" button. 

The Story of Using Two Jetris Interfaces in Multiplayer Mode 
Requirement: 6 
This is the story that describes the process of using two GUI game interfaces in multiplayer mode. 
•S1: The user will select their multiplayer game mode. 
•S2: Two Panels of equal size will appear side by side, each having their game panel and statistics on the 
side. 
•S3: The users will use separate designated keys on either interface. 

The Story of Starting Jetris in a Paused State 
Requirement 7 
This is the story that describes starting Jetris in a paused state. 
-S1: The user will open Jetris. 
-S2: Jetris will start in a paused state. 
-S3: A large "PAUSED" will be displayed over the display. 

The Story of the Popup that Confirms a Game Restart 
Requirment: 8 
This is the story that describes the popup that confirms a game restart. 
-S1: The user will open Jetris. 
-S2: The user will click "Restart". 
-S3: A popup will appear asking if the user is sure that he/she wants to restart the game. 
-S4.1: The user clicks "No" and the game resumes from previous point. 
-S4.2: The user clicks "Yes" and the game restarts. 

The Story of Using Ending a Multiplayer Game of Jetris 
Requirement: 9 
This is the story that describes the process of declaring the winner of a multiplayer game of Jetris 
•S1: The user will select their multiplayer game mode. 
•S2.1: First to lose (FTL)- When either player fills their game panel to the top, their opponent will be 
declared the winner. 
•S2.2: First to a certain score (FTS)- When either player acquires a (certain number) of points, they will 
be declared the winner. 
•S2.3: First to get X amount of lines (FXL)- When either player removes a (certain number) of lines, they 
will be declared the winner. 
•S3: A dialog box will appear declaring which player is the winner of the game. 
•S4: If a user clicks OK at the bottom of the dialog box, another dialog box will allow the user to indicate 
whether or not he or she wants to play another game. 
•S5.1: If a user clicks the No button, the game will close. 
•S5.2: If a user clicks the OK button, the dialog box will open that allows the user to indicate s single or 
multiplayer game. 

This is the storyboard which describes the actions that occur during gameplay when a user clears three lines in the game of Jetris. 
Requirement: 10
S1: A game of Jetris will have already started and currently be in progress 
S2: A user will place a Jetris piece accordingly so that 3 lines of his/her screen are cleared from the 
placement of that one piece. 
S3: Once this occurs, one line will immediately be added to the screen of the opposing Player 

This is the storyboard which describes the actions that occur during gameplay when a user clears four lines in the game of Jetris. 
Requirement: 11
S1: A game of Jetris will have already started and currently be in progress 
S2: A user will place a Jetris piece accordingly so that 4 lines of the user's screen are cleared from 
S3: One of the following special events will occur immediately following the clearing of  4 lines:
•      A Destroyer Block will appear on the user's screen who cleared the 4 lines 
•      A Cinder Block will appear on the opposing user's screen 
•      A Stair Case Block will appear on the opposing user's screen 
•      The blocks on the opposing player's screen will begin to fall at a faster rate